I'm not the one who offended the forest
I didn't make this marriage contract either
What makes you think I can agree?
After all, this forestry is your tomorrow
I know you don't like to owe favors
Just eat a meal and chat
I'm not asking you to marry directly
Chief Zhao of the Zhao family
It was Mr. Zhao who gave it to me so quickly.
Li Shao
Who is this Zhao always washing the horse for?
Who can afford such great power?
Lord of Kunlun
It must be the Lord of Kunlun
It's just me and the Zhao family, it's already a book of power
Can handle this 3 million
It must be the Lord of Kunlun
Lord of Kunlun
How can you say that you are also the head of the Zhao family?
So humble
Not afraid of being seen and affected badly
You are joking, I am compared to you.
I, Zhao, am this businessperson
Unlike Kunlun and the pulse length
That's fundamental to the state of Libya
It is appropriate to give you luggage.
Just count it later
adult
This time I also brought the first top transportation here.
A dinner party was prepared at the Hanging Garden
Is it convenient for you?
Okay, also to the village chief, of course please